You know what time it is?
I have to sleep.
Hey. fatso. eat shit and die!
Die? In this racket?
Sorry. sorry!
Get out of my way!
Hang in there. Tailor.
Be quiet!
Give us a break! Why push us so far?
There's another master?
It's the Lion's Roar!
I thought that was a myth.
Who knew the Lion's Roar
really exists?
That's the last we'll see of them.
It's bad. Brother Sum.
Quick. start the car!
Start the car!
Boss!
Keep it down! Have you no manners?
Get lost. People are trying to sleep.
They have to work tomorrow.
Get out of here!
Scumbags!
I can't hang on much longer.
But having seen
real masters like you...
...I can now die in peace.
Don't say that.
We're ordinary folks.
Ordinary's a blessing.
Don't call us masters.
But you're such great fighters!
If only you'd helped earlier.
they wouldn't have to die this way.
Like Donut said.
everyone has his reasons.
Years ago...
...we saw our only son killed in a fight.
Revenge can be devastating.
Do you understand?
Why don't you train us
to be top fighters...
...and we'll avenge them!
Becoming a top fighter takes time.
Unless you're a natural-born
kung-fu genius.
And they're one in a million.
It's obvious I'm the one!
Don't think so.
Everyone! We swore
we'd never fight again.
But we broke that promise today.
For your own safety. please all leave!
In great power lies great responsibility.
There's no escaping from it.
Donut. you're hurt bad.
Rest now.
We can't understand
what you're saying.
Donut!
I know you. four-eyes!
You seem prejudiced against
the sight-challenged.
That's right.
Especially gold-framed four-eyes.
Gold frames are perfect for clerks.
I think I look good.
So why keep picking on me?
Help me!
"Help me! Help me!"
Want to play. punks?
The Dragon Style? The Tiger Style?
Come down here. and I'll smash
your glasses. Come on!
You know I'd do it. right?
Swear to it!
Swear!
Have you no respect? Where were you
when I needed you?
You sound like a wimp!
We always get beat!
We haven't gotten anywhere.
No killing. no arson.
no robberies. no rapes...
...all because of you!
You're a numb-nut!
Follow me!
It's a stickup! Where's the money?
Where's the money?
What're you looking at? I'm serious!
I kill people for less!
Give me the money.
The money's in here.
Let go of the girl!
He's a fool. and she's mute. Losers!
Go away! You're dragging me down!
Go home and raise pigs.
Go. before I kill you.
You! Whatsyourname!
Take this and get some new clothes.
You're now an Axe!
- For real?
- Someone's waiting for you.
Brother Sum!
One look at you. and I knew
you'd do anything.
Right!
You just needed your chance.
Damn right!
We've an assignment for you.
Anything. Brother Sum!
"Research on abnormal people. "
What's that?
A mental asylum.
Soldiers!
Boy Scouts!
Tanks!
No worries.
When the Boy Scouts change shifts.
you have exactly five minutes.
Follow the arrows on the map.
Go to the last cell...
...and get the man inside there out.
Here's your tools.
What about you guys?
We're your lookouts.
Five minutes. Hurry!
The world's top killer
indeed looks the part!
It's only a title.
Cut the bullshit. We want two people
killed. Name your price.
Name my what?
I've killed so many trying to find
a worthy adversary.
So far. I've never found one.
That's why I stayed inside.
Had I met my match.
I'd have been out long ago.
If you find me a worthy opponent...
...I'll do it for free. No charge!
Do you have someone?
Yes. Brilliant fighters who are
up to the challenge.
But first. will you show us
some moves?
Not that we don't trust you.
We want to see you in action.
You numskulls aren't worthy!
He doesn't look the part.
The slippers are a little crappy.
But he'll clean up well.
You sure you got the right guy?
Absolutely. I swear I did
exactly what you told me.
Please show us some moves.
Mr. Beast. Don't make it hard for me!
You dumb or what?
You know what this is. old man?
Ever seen a fist this big?
Don't force me to fight.
I scare myself when I fight!
Really? Try me. then.
Is he okay?
So you say you can fight?
Harder!
You hit like that and call yourself
a gangster?
A foreign gun!
In the world of kung fu.
speed defines the winner.
The Beast is the best of them all.
The Axe Gang extends its respect!
The real masters.
together in one room!
Only the world's top killer...
...has such an aura.
Likewise.
Could you two be the fated lovers...?
Paris...
...and Helen of Troy!
A pleasure. indeed.
We're here to deal
with the Axe Gang...
...and only the Axe Gang.
You should've killed me before.
Now you're committing suicide.
You're living on borrowed time.
You can't escape your fate!
What's this? A funeral bell?
With the Beast here.
let's see whose funeral it is!
So you're on their side?
Don't get me wrong.
I only want to kill you...
...or be killed by you.
What do you think?
The good cannot coexist with the bad.
You can't escape your destiny.
So be it. Let's do it.
Okay.
Let's do it!
Piece of cake. I can handle this.
Good try. but a little off target.
The Lion's Roar?
Wait!
I didn't know the Lion's Roar
could be done with a speaker!
What a blow!
- Looks like they're not up to it!
- Let's get them while they're down.
You do it!
- I'm gonna puke! I need to see a doctor!
- Go to hell!
You! Come over here.
- Hit him!
- Yes!
- The head!
- Of course!
- Hit him on the head!
- Okay.
- Here's your chance.
- Got it!
- Hit him!
- Hit the shit out of him!
- Right!
- Hit him!
Beat the shit out of him!
What're you doing?
You want me to hit him
or beat the shit out of him?
You're making me very confused!
Wow. that's a big fist!
Why did you hit me?
Where are they?
How could you let them escape?
No one gets away from me!
Why did he save us?
Young people make mistakes.
But at least he finally made good.
Look at him! Beaten to a pulp.
Do you have any last requests?
Hey. wait!
Why don't you write in Chinese?
I don't understand.
There's no one here!
CHINESE MEDICINE
It's a miracle he lasted this long.
The herbs should help him.
Herbal medicine can only partly help.
The key is his own body structure.
All his bones and tendons are broken.
It's amazing he's recovering so fast.
It can't be possible...
Unless he's...
What's that smell?
You mustn't smoke while you're hurt.
Let me handle this.
This makes no sense.
Who knew the Beast could clear
the chi flow...
...and thus unleash
the boy's true potential?
We should've guessed.
He is the one!
Is this for real?
You're still alive. you turncoat?
Kill him. men!
What kind of move is that?
Kids' stuff!
If our son were alive.
he'd be his age now.
If he studies hard. he could grow up
to be a doctor or lawyer.
A stuntman. more likely!
Not bad. Let's go.
I can even stop bullets...
What? The Toad Style
of the Kwan Lun School?
Oh. no!
Remember the Palm move
that falls from heaven?
That's the long lost Buddhist Palm.
I surrender!
What kind of move was that?
If you want to learn. I'll teach you.
Master!
Hey! Tell him not to put snot
on the glass.
You two. put your pants on!
No licking if you're not buying!
Kid. you have the bone structure
of a kung-fu genius.
World peace is in your hands.
Here's the scroll of the Buddhist Palm.
Because it's fate. I'll let you
have it for $ 10.
Wait!
You want more...?